I've always wanted to get to know you,
Masutani-san!
Even walking near you like this,
I can feel your cool vibes!
Cool? You think so?
Would you be so kind as
to go with me on this free day? Please?
You don't have to ask like that.
I don't mind going with you.
Hurray!
Does it make you that happy?
This is my chance to befriend you,
Masutani-san!
Well, that depends on how today goes.
It's going to be great,
since I'll do my best!
Is that so?
Ayanocchi?
Yume-chan?
It's been awhile! How are you?
What a coincidence!
You should've told me you're coming!
I'm on a school trip...
I see...
Ummm... How did you know each other?
I'm Mitsutake Yumeka, Ayanocchi's friend
from when she lived here!
Wow, a real Tokyoite!
I'm Hanasato Miyuki, nice to meet you!
Likewise!